Onboard Routing (#2848)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Removed deprecated `InstructionsBannerViewDelegate.didDragInstructionsBanner(_:)` method. ([#2808](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2808))
* Removed `NavigationViewController.origin` property, which was not used. ([#2808](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2808))
* A new predictive cache proactively fetches tiles which may become necessary if the device loses its Internet connection at some point during passive or active turn-by-turn navigation. Pass a `PredictiveCacheOptions` instance into the `NavigationOptions(styles:navigationService:voiceController:topBanner:bottomBanner:predictiveCacheOptions:)` initializer as you configure a `NavigationViewController`, or manually call `NavigationMapView.enablePredictiveCaching(options:)`. ([#2830](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2830))

> * Added posibility for offline routing and re-routing using `Directions.calculateOffline(_:completionHandler:)` and `Directions.calculateWithCache(_:completionHandler:)`. `Router` default implementation is now configured to use the latter. ([#2848](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2848)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Directions.calculateOffline(_:completionHandler:)` and `Directions.calculateWithCache(_:completionHandler:)` methods, which incorporate routing tiles from the predictive cache when possible to avoid relying on a network connection to calculate the route. `RouteController` now uses the predictive cache when rerouting. ([#2848](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2848)) 
```
